Enhance readme with more information (#1999)
comit-network/comit-rs: README.md

<a href="https://comit.network">
<img src="logo.svg" height="120px">
</a>

---

[COMIT](https://comit.network) is an open protocol facilitating cross-blockchain applications.

> With [COMIT](https://comit.network) you can for examples exchange Bitcoin for any Erc20 token directly with another person.

Reviewer: Same edit here as suggested by @bonomat on the other README PR.

> With [COMIT](https://comit.network) you can for examples exchange Bitcoin for any Erc20 token directly with another person.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, with [COMIT](https://comit.network) you can exchange Bitcoin for Ether or any ERC20 token directly with another person.
```

> This repository containers the implementation of the comit-network daemon (`cnd`), which is the reference implementation of the protocol in Rust. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains the implementation of the comit-network daemon (`cnd`), which is the reference implementation of the protocol in Rust. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository container the implementation of the comit-network daemon (`cnd`), which is the reference implementation of the protocol written in Rust. 
```

If you wish to do an atomic swap on your machine or to integrate COMIT into an application (e.g. a DEX) please take a look at the [Getting Started section](https://comit.network/docs/getting-started/create-comit-app/) of the COMIT documentation.

> If you have any question please [reach out to the team in our Gitter chat](https://gitter.im/comit-network/community)!

Reviewer 2: This would reduce repetition compared to the previous sentence.

```suggestion
If you have any questions, feel free to [reach out to the team in our Gitter chat](https://gitter.im/comit-network/community)!
```

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/comit-network/comit-rs.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/comit-network/comit-rs)
[![Safety Dance](https://img.shields.io/badge/unsafe-forbidden-success.svg)](https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance/)
[![Bors enabled](https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg)](https://app.bors.tech/repositories/20717)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/gitterHQ/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/comit-network/community)

# comit-rs

> The Rust reference implementation of the COMIT protocol (comit-rs) implements atomic swaps using hash time locked contracts (HTLCs).

Reviewer 2: This would make it less likely to be outdated soon (we are doing more than HTLCs with Grin<->BTC):

```suggestion
The Rust reference implementation of the COMIT protocol (comit-rs) implements atomic swaps using constructs like Hash Time-Locked Contracts (HTLCs) to keep your funds safe at any time.
```
